[Music]
eye ​​eye
ibai responds to whether there was a fix
in the selection of the candidates okay let's
see auron who has raised
my presentation video for koi to euro I hope
you like it let's
see I have a runny nose But it's that I've been on the streets all
year Why Because I have a
deviated septum from cocaine
[Laughter]
literally literally literally it's
the 6 seconds that best represent
the candidacies
literally you deleted all the tweets from
2014 before sending the video this dog
knows it all they
were quite a bit worse than those
little amateurs totally true
also
totally true
Hello My name is Raúl I like selling
drugs to little kids I have five
corpses You're in the freezer
Movistar and Sport
Movistar and Sport this is the news I'll
do it Oh no and oh yeah two things were clear in his
live today
emphasizing the first that
anyone who says that the
national team isotongo considers it a
very ugly attack because he is stating that
he and his team are bad people look he
's not a bad person but maybe
you got a little carried away
friendship either, let's see, I don't think they
're bad people, I mean, you put in your
company here you feel like it You
put in your company whoever you feel like it,
that doesn't mean they're a
bad person. Any relationship that
koi had with either of the two
people for whom some insinuate
scams curo and Isabela for participating in
ibai events or knowing streamers
close to koide had nothing to do with
the selection process and it's just a
coincidence, just
as it's also a coincidence when Joan
planas put in the lawsuit that he had
lost 30,000 subscribers but
suddenly after five months I had
the option that you can
hide it removed and I had exactly the same ones, these
are coincidences in life, not that a
person goes to trial and repeats
for four hours that he hasn't grown
a damn thing and that his channel is dead
because of me. But then it turns out that he has
magically grown 40,000
subscribers in six months is worth his life,
life no, ibai's second clarification
is that the best video was not classified
but rather he chose based on whether he found them
funny or something that was required for koi A  let's see Let's see let's
see
in the end I think you have to be a
content creator for the good and not for the bad
When we do things well and they go it
's very good but when we do
things wrong it can't be no it's someone
else's fault but me I haven't done this we are a
team in general not people who work
a lot of people who work behind the
cameras that you don't know and when we
do things very well
I get the applause Generally Although I try to
remember them of course When we do
things wrong What can't be Hey no,
I have nothing to do with this
telling another guy or less we had we had
several mistakes outside of the
content creators I wanted to talk about the
event in general
we sometimes like to work against
the clock something that is wrong on
our part and that I do not recommend at
all But it's true that this
frenetic pace of creating things sometimes
ends up overwhelming you you can't
criticize someone too harshly without
exceeding certain limits and If you
've ever done it Don't worry because the
vast majority or many have fallen into that
[ __ ] including myself I'm just telling you
Reflect a little  and think that maybe
you can say things in a different
way if you don't feel like it,
obviously it's your freedom Do with your
Twitter what you want with your Twitter
obviously it would be missing more and of course
in the end it is one of my
roles also as a
content creator to be there for the good times and there are
the bad times Because the good times are there for everyone
but the bad times Also, well, you
have to accept criticism and I
accept it on this occasion with pleasure
because I think you are largely
right about many things that and it had
occurred to them to repeat the same
formula that we had done last year
with content creators who
have few on Twitch and go and
why are you trying to sign
content creators of tweets that have few
views Well, because it seems to me that it is a
nice gesture with the community that
streams so much for so many hours that
have few viewers and that also make
Twitch what it is today Twitch
because it is true that auronplay Rubius and
I are very funny But there are many
hundreds of thousands of
small content creators that are also
part of Twitch, certainly
in ways I could say a little hasty I
mean no  we think about the
consequences, I don't see it, I mean, the fact that
you take a small creator has to be
because it's not because you've done a
selection process and you gave yourself a
really nice video, it doesn't have to be someone who
has suddenly stood out. I mean, it's not
like, look, I have to sign three
people on
December 17, 2022, but
suddenly the year is passing and maybe
in January you're watching
someone's Stream, damn son of a [ __ ], how funny is that? Well, then you
sign him suddenly in
April. Oh wow, this girl is so good. She's so good at
role-playing, how funny is that?
Boom. I'm going to interview her, you know,
but of course, doing this type of selection
with Big Brother has caused what it has
caused. I mean, it was already looking bad, it was
looking bad from the beginning, I
also tell you, eh, I mean, it's not
something that would be an incredible surprise, the
negatives that could come from
trying to choose two people who
had, for example, 5 viewers. Well,
this year, as I told you, we were going to go
to the Wizin Center for an event that was going to be
sponsored by Cupra and it turns out,
friends, that  December 1st
the wizin Center event is cancelled Why well they
tell us that it won't be on time to
cover it won't be on time that the other
can't put it together because the day before there was
a concert people will be able to
tell me but there was Serrat they are
telling me there was a
Serrat concert correct and that we were only going to
have 8 hours to set up okay but
can I go to Gamers and a place that is
historic for the spots that is still
in Madrid that is also in a
giant place like sifema and I can
also play against fanatic or so the
ingredients looked good we asked
if we can get there on time they didn't look
good Ebay you
could have organized something else Yes it
looked good but the application and
the casting not to do it in an event in
two weeks there were people who said yes there were
people who said no in the end
Yes won and we did it mistake mistake mistake mistake mistake you have to
admit it
mistake and [ __ ] it was complicated
today of course seeing what happened yesterday I
would have signed not to have done it but it's
true that leaving on December 3rd or 4th
without news of coi for a month and
half two months to tell you Hey in the
end there is no event and what you saw
last year Well, it's not going to be
better or worse, I mean, there isn't even one It was
quite hard with all this whirlwind of
a lot of things happening on Twitch
because everyone wants to comment on the
topic even though it's already perfectly
explained or everyone has
apologized
There are people who are starting to have, they are starting to
generate fantasy books The problem
is that they are already starting to do some
things and say some things that I
understand that each one is going with a stick
hitting to see if they get it right What I
think is right is that you criticize a
situation and that you don't and that and that it
seems to you a situation that is being
mismanaged, that it should have been done
differently and that it should be
seen, well, any kind of thing, no That it
should have been done differently It
seems perfect to me but what we cannot
do friends is start questioning
the people who watch the videos saying
things like if they are going to choose the
creators by hand, let them say it, this must
be someone's relative
but those are speculations that are
valid
in fact I just realized that  I was going to
go it's sponsored by infojobs
and Bye
this was to do you a little favor
infojobs in Blanquita less how many
lazy people here who can't find work
with my page and are going to make me look bad
Ah curo I already know who is curo the one who
was in the balloon world cup a
year and a half ago must be a friend of ibai he
got him in Personally, that
bothers me friends because you are not
only criticizing my professionalism but you
are saying first that I am a
shitty person second that I am a
person who lies and deceives what I
tell you to go to a casting and in the
casting I will put my friends in and you
are making me look like the worst person in the
world I mean that is not the worst person
in the world there are many things that are the
worst there are many streamers who could be
the worst person in the world but you
putting in a friend would not be the strangest thing
or anything like that I mean it
's [ __ ] no what nonsense it is not
completely valid that people
think that there is some kind of connection
like 11,000 people choose someone who does
not have  live So they haven't been
able to see even a Bot
they choose another one
who had the balloons or rather like
half a koi follows him I mean well like it's not
some crazy speculation There is
none There is no
speculation like very much
you're saying that I have set up a
paraphernalia in which
11,000 people have shown up to include a friend of
mine named curo curo my friend
has never spoken to him in my life and I don't
know him from absolutely nothing outside of the
three-on-three
basketball event that cresco invited him to I didn't
even know he streamed on Twitch I thought he
was a professional
basketball player That's why I say that sometimes
friends you have to be a little careful
with these types of fantasy books
where everyone starts to imagine
a lot of things because they are things that are
a little more serious if I wanted
friends to include
my friends the koi would include them
directly without asking anyone's permission
because I can do it I am the one who
has the team we are who we
are today and we are the ones who
pay the salaries Do you think I'm going
to set up a paraphernalia to make you
waste your time  for two weeks and
then I'm going to include a friend of mine, they
are not my relatives, they are not but
people can think and
speculate, look for some kind of
answer to the fact that they included
those three It's
not a problem, damn, they are not accusing you of
a crime my friends sometimes people make
mistakes they can think one thing and
then it can turn out the opposite It's
really difficult to choose creators who
have so little impact To
get into such a big place I don't have to
make a fuss to
deceive you please there are already people who
that there is a bit of madness
in the matter of
Isabella of Isabela okay that also
people well right away they have to
check all the background talk to
primary school teachers
this girl that you tell me has been to
an event of mine I would not include Isabella in
Marbella Vice friends I don't know her You're welcome I would
include her here already she was the one who
invited 80% of Marbella Vice what I
did uh from the team
was look at her Twitch Tracker and in the
last three or four months correct myself
if I'm wrong that I can  mistake I saw
that I had 35 vipers on average. What I'm doing on
Twitch Tracker for the last few months is
seeing the average viewers you have
because there's also another one who said he
was at the party. Friends, I don't
know Isabela. You're welcome. I haven't invited him to
the party. It's just that I think the
entry went out. There are people who tell me and
their grandmother was in Marbella or London and
you invited her. She was at the party and you
invited her. Friends, I haven't invited him
to the party and I haven't invited him to
Marbella or London. The first time I
hear his name, I swear he's a
person who was in the
basketball tournament and I didn't remember.
This is already spectacular. He represented
Equatorial Guinea two years ago in the
World Balloon Championship. I didn't know he was a
streamer and that his name was Curo and I
invited him to basketball because Tresco told me. He
told me Tres that you were going, man, maybe he's
saved his basketball. I've spoken to
him in my life, I don't know him. You're welcome. I looked at
his Twitch Tracker and he has 10 viewers on
average.  In the last few months I haven't spoken to
Pria in my life. Do you want to tell me that I got him
in because
my friend got him
in and that's it? I don't have to give you any kind of explanation. I'm not going to set up a fake form so you waste your time and then tell you that you've signed up for Koi? Well, my
friend Kuro is going to join. What's up, man? Let's go man,
please, either we are read or we are
heard. I think we are aware of
our mistake. I think we have to prepare
things better and with more advance notice and with more depth to be able to
better understand what it is that you're
putting into your club. Friends, I
'm not putting Koi in. Whoever works the hardest on
their presentation video, I'll sign
whoever in four minutes talking. This
is what I told you about the video that
was super edited, everyone
applauds,
okay, I mean, everyone applauds the
video. Ah, the video is the support, super
fun. Look, the guy takes it, he
covers himself. Well, look at you, he
took the Setup to the streets and it hasn't been
successful.
Nowadays, it's very difficult to surprise and
in the edited video it can look super.
epic but then when it comes down to it,
well, come on You take the set to the
street and what? And what do you do What are you going to do? Better
not me, better I like it
better, see in terms of his adaptation to the
Koi team or in terms of what
we are missing that this
person that I'm signing can bring us, does it make
sense? Let's see, have they made a mistake and let's
see, I don't see it either, something to
stone okay, Koi selection process, let's
see, the ass you
're putting me on Twitter,
Curo presentation video, let's see,
we're also giving it a go, the super
super value them too, I'm also giving it a
go with Pokémon and It's just now
chapping now with the
mother community How he fights How he fights How
this team fights, how you fight, what warriors
[Music] are
we going to go down, well, Cura a little.
Well, I don't know, I do
n't know the criteria that he wanted, I don't
know, I mean, like, I don't know, the truth is, I don't know
what the criteria would be, we've
already seen this, okay, We're not going to
see again.
Oh look,
of course, look, the place had
captured the tweet from before I
deleted it. Look,
Pride and satisfaction 2 million
subscribers, I mean,
in  2015
the ass answers to auronplay that
I hope he has a painful death for
this dude
Oh but it's a joke
It's a joke because Ah It's a joke it's
a joke about the painful death
because auron is saying that I don't know
who Dies at the end of the fifth
season
I imagined it was something like that dude
I imagined it was something like that let's
see and we've already seen that grandmother
Oh look with Jordi maquiavelo
she's Jordi's partner she
's Jordi's partner
I'm not going to get involved I'm not going to get involved with
her if she is Jordi's partner I'm not going to
say anything else okay I did
n't know let's
see yes it's true that she's a youtuber and
that she's exposed and that right now she's
making a move but let's see it makes
sense it makes sense it makes
sense
look these are the ones we didn't see okay Ah well
no of course how will
Jordi's partner be if he's saying this that he
kidnap me that he tortures me it's a joke Of course of
course no it can't be the partner
will be a friend and you already
want to believe that the girl always sounds more like
since I've been  all day
watching her she'll be
a friend they'll be friends Let's see does it
sound familiar to me in some move we've
seen her we've commented on something let's
see but she's not the one she's not the one No she's not the
girlfriend man she's a friend as I
say
ready for the evening I
don't know the truth
the presentation video of this one we'll see it We've already
seen it okay we've already
seen all her tweets wait a minute [ __ ] I
trust you're not going to put
Aitana's ass here no Ah okay okay okay let's
see
This was Twitter yuki no what I
was telling you before that there are no
participants in many
ibai events who have done worse things but it
all depends on who they are told To and
what do they think on Twitter Exactly Well this
thermos I've already said it many
times I mean this man deserves a Game
Over that at some point he'll have it you know let's
see I don't see him right now I don't
have him in my priorities but this man has
done Well the other day in fact he told
something that Karime put to me here about
the way he got the followers
that you have and the verified one I mean the guy
the fame that he has completely
fraudulent okay
completely  fraudulent he has
become famous by balls by balls let's
see if I can find here what Karime sent me
coming back from a party a shawl told me it was
against a page where you can buy
followers like verify I don't know what and
I Robert knows about buying followers
He wants to be famous without talent he
has tried eh he has had a
YouTube channel you go to that he has eaten us nothing
because it is not worth it or rather then you
see it At the events and you see it In the
places and his humor all his humor is that he drinks he
drinks That's all the humor that
he contributes Look how drunk I get
and people pay attention to him and there are famous people
who pay attention to him man
And then of course then I think that they
pay attention to the choca they pay attention to
senseless people 50 bucks gave me 300,000
followers
[Music]
in Barcelona this in 2016 or so and I met
a kid named ricote And I
told him man go on verify me like studying The
whole [ __ ] the one who verified everyone the one who
verified all these at night and
there he came out  this topic of elon more and
such and Twitter workers who have been
giving away verified and one of
these days they verified me half a million
Followers Imagine with the verified and
people saying this kid Who's
good they knew me Well for being the clown
of Twitter no Well what he should
tell in the next podcast
what he should tell right Marius is
how he got the
promotions
just like he told how he had The
Followers and the verified an
appearance a facade that is not real no
You are famous or a streamer or
content creator or anything like that let's see if
for the next podcast he tells how he
got How he got
the promos for brands that he does the promo
with the brand that he does let's see if let's
see if he takes it and tells it too because it
has reached me I mean there has to be there has to
be Game
Over there has to be there has to be I
won man The worst thing is that he has
boasted about getting the promos and
teasing people not me the brands
love me the brands love me Well
maybe it's not that they love you maybe it's that they have been wrong
recommended
okay that's what
these people from here and then he went
and invited him to events and such I
mean they were hallucinating what a [ __ ] [ __ ]
this year's YouTube rewind doesn't include
Dallas Nicho or sortman or Jordi Wild or
any other [ __ ] in the country Hello
perfect to [ __ ] on your [ __ ]
dead Dallas I'm not racist or anything
but [ __ ] blacks Ah to bread bread and to
Dallas a kick in the ribs to bread
bread and give the sumo Dallas I'm going to
break a chair in the sternum you son of a
[ __ ] give the review Dallas son of a [ __ ]
Dallas son of a [ __ ] not only
these Abi even these tweets
Can you send it to me on WhatsApp in image
please places that I'm going to send it to
eBay now on Twitter I'm going to put
eBay since you're cleaning the team
also clean the events
Javi I remember that he did an ugly thing to you by
snitching about buying
followers they told me what
happened to me with this guy
who joined the mob also not one of the
cool ones what happened to him was that he went to
eat him  balls to wismichu I was having
an argument with no it wasn't even
with wismichu it was with this Isaac Corrales
this one This is another one just like this one
just like this but has worse things
Isaac Corrales has worse things do
n't give him a Game Over because
he would already want that repercussion
and the guy got into the argument I mean
what happened to me was when I arrived
new they told me that they
told me that it was like there was
a way that you pay and you put the
videos in trend and I like any
spammer you know well I don't remember what
video I made that I considered was
great and that it deserved to be trending and
I told him Hey how do you pay to be
in trend where do you have to go what
page is it and the guy already started he didn't
answer me I don't remember what he did he did
n't answer me you know he didn't give me the runaround
and the guy took advantage of that to put [ __ ]
about me the following year two years later
when I was fighting with his
friend you know and I told him Hey dude
delete the screenshot or I don't remember what I
told him  and the guy started to make fun of me he
knows how to make fun of me well now it's my turn to
laugh really
really because what you've done Telmo is
serious and serious not at the level of serious serious
serious a powerful level is what you have
done and I have it all Now I will not
delete anything okay But this is chela there was no
until that little bit I was insinuating
very serious things about his ex to
try to leave him of things much worse
than being unfaithful then he deleted it and acted like
nothing had happened
Oh well We were talking about this and
now you crash I won't even tell you
crash giving your opinion let's
see what Greg did And that giving your opinion we're not
going to see either 100 sub 100 sub 100 sub
coincidence that all the users who
have quoted this tweet only have one
thing in common
the one that is
worth it come on now we'll see what they go
places send me that send me that
the salt would be very tender I am very tender I am very tender I
am very tender I
am very tender
you know the laws
[Music]